Tomata Pastyface Wetlocks


Damphir Rogue


Think goth teenager.  Maybe with a bit of cam girl. Narcissist.

Very slender. Very alluring. But seriously unwilling to see how anything she did not come up with could be worth her time and attention.


Eye-rolling, everything is an undue hardship and simply not, er, goth? enough.

Dhampirs are people with vampiric heredity. Some are children born of humans who somehow got vampyred, possibly from a bite while their mother was pregnant,

Tomata’s mother was a wealthy noblewoman who eventually sent Tomata away when it became apparent the child wasn’t quite human.

Her new guardians did not do a great job, and when it became apparent that her family wanted nothing to do with her, Tomata was used as a subject of study and eventually entertainment for the curious among the connected and noble class.

She hates her vampyre heritage, since it is what ruined her life, but she also holds it as the thing that makes her unique and special.


TODO:

Need better image, her hair was permanently magicked a different color.

Professor Lorrimor connection:
He had heard of her availability for study and apparently he had an interest in the undead so was intrigued by the opportunity to spend time up close with someone with a fang in both the world of life and unlife. But the professor soon recognized that Tomata’s circumstances were leaving her victimized, and he made efforts to improve her situation, which worked, until she was sent to live with new guardians who soon recognized that she could attract attention (and coin) for different reasons as she matured into an adult woman.
Prof Lorrimor was the only one who seemed to care more for her well-being than how she could serve their own wants.

Eventually she killed someone (maybe an elderly but high ranking cleric of Pharisma), tearing out their throat with her teeth, when they became too abusive. Realizing this was going to cause a stir, she took the opportunity to flee.

Speaks a bit high falluting on account of the company she was kept around while growing up.

Phrases

“Grotesque”
“Consummately”
“Fetch” “least/most fetch”
“Similarly”
“Your fixed mindset limits you”

“Dark souled”
“You wouldn’t understand”

"(How perfectly) prosaic"
