Feats (&cetera)

Traits & Drawbacks
------------------
MAGICAL KNACK (Magic Trait)
  You were raised, either wholly or in part, by a magical creature, either after it found you abandoned in the woods or because your parents often left you in the care of a magical minion. This constant exposure to magic has made its mysteries easy for you to understand, even when you turn your mind to other devotions and tasks.

  Benefit: Pick a class when you gain this trait—your caster level in that class gains a +2 trait bonus as long as this bonus doesn’t raise your caster level above your current Hit Dice.

SUBJECT OF STUDY (Campaign Trait)
  Benefit: Choose a non-humanoid creature type (and subtype if outsider).
  You gain a +1 bonus on damage rolls against creatures of this type.
  +1 dam Undead

UNDEAD SLAYER (Dhampir Trait)
  You are filled with wrath against the monsters whose unclean blood makes you an outcast
  Benefit(s): You gain a +1 trait bonus on attack and damage rolls against undead creatures.

STIGMATIZED  (Drawback)
  You take a –3 penalty on Diplomacy checks to gather information or improve a creature’s attitude.


Feats

HD 1 URogue 1
----

UNUSUAL ORIGIN (Dhampir) [Level 1]
  Your undead progenitor left you with more than a hint of vampiric nature.
  Prerequisite(s): Dhampir.
  Benefit(s): You gain a natural bite attack that deals 1d4 points of damage. Once per day upon making a successful bite attack, you can choose to deal an additional 1d4 points of bleed damage to the creature struck.
  Special: You can only select this feat at 1st level.

WEAPON FINESSE (Combat)  [Finesse Training URogue1]
  You are trained in using your agility in melee combat, as opposed to brute strength.
  Benefit: With a light weapon, elven curve blade, rapier, whip, or spiked chain made for a creature of your size category, you may use your Dexterity modifier instead of your Strength modifier on attack rolls.
  If you carry a shield, its armor check penalty applies to your attack rolls.
  Special: Natural weapons are considered light weapons.


[HD2] Sorcerer 1

The Blood Is the Life (Su): 5x day drink blood of recently dead 1d6hp acts as rations
  Not a Feat but a Sanguine bloodline ability

[HD3] Swashbuckler 1

INSPIRED PANACHE (Ex): each day +Cha +Int panache pts
  Each day, an inspired blade gains a number of panache points equal to her Charisma modifier (minimum 1) plus her Intelligence modifier (minimum 1), instead of just her Charisma modifier.

WEAPON FOCUS (Combat) (Rapier) <- [Inspired Finesse]: +1 attack w/ Rapier
  Choose one type of weapon.  RAPIER. You can also choose unarmed strike or grapple (or ray, if you are a spellcaster) as your weapon for the purposes of this feat.
  Prerequisites: Proficiency with selected weapon, base attack bonus +1.
  Benefit: You gain a +1 bonus on all attack rolls you make using the selected weapon.

COMBAT REFLEXES (COMBAT) [Level 3]
  -You can make additional attacks of opportunity.
  -Benefit: You may make a number of additional attacks of opportunity per round equal to your Dexterity bonus.
  With this feat, you may also make attacks of opportunity while flat-footed.


[HD4]
EVASION (Ex) [URogue 2]
  At 2nd level, a rogue can avoid even magical and unusual attacks with great agility.
  If she succeeds at a Reflex saving throw against an attack that normally deals half damage on a successful save, she instead takes no damage.
  Evasion can be used only if the rogue is wearing light armor or no armor.
  A helpless rogue does not gain the benefit of evasion.

WEAPON SPECIALIZATION (COMBAT) +2 dam Rapier  [RogueTalent]
  -You are skilled at dealing damage with one weapon.
  Choose one type of weapon (Rapier) for which you have already selected the Weapon Focus feat.
  You deal extra damage when using this weapon.
  -Prerequisites: Proficiency with selected weapon, Weapon Focus with selected weapon, fighter level 4th.
  -Benefit: You gain a +2 bonus on all damage rolls you make using the selected weapon.


[HD5]
EXTRA PANACHE (Panache) [Level 5]
  -You have more panache than the ordinary swashbuckler.
  -Prerequisite(s): Amateur Swashbuckler or panache class feature.
  -Benefit: You gain two more panache points at the start of each day, and your maximum panache increases by two.
  -Special: If you have levels in the swashbuckler class, you can take this feat multiple times. Its effects stack.


[HD7]

NIMBLE +1 dodge AC [Swash3]

ACCOMPLISHED SNEAK ATTACKER [Level 7]
  Your strikes against a foe’s vital spots are extra deadly.
  Prerequisite(s): Sneak attack class feature.
  Benefit(s): Your sneak attack damage increases by 1d6. Your number of sneak attack dice cannot exceed half your character level (rounded up).


[HD8]
Debilitating injury,
rogue talent ->
MOBILITY (COMBAT)
  You can easily move through a dangerous melee.
  Prerequisites: Dex 13, Dodge.
  Benefit: You get a +4 dodge bonus to Armor Class against attacks of opportunity caused when you move out of or within a threatened area. A condition that makes you lose your Dexterity bonus to Armor Class (if any) also makes you lose dodge bonuses.
  Dodge bonuses stack with each other, unlike most types of bonuses.

DODGE (COMBAT)
  Your training and reflexes allow you to react swiftly to avoid an opponents’ attacks.
  Prerequisite: Dex 13.
  Benefit: You gain a +1 dodge bonus to your AC. A condition that makes you lose your Dex bonus to AC also makes you lose the benefits of this feat.

UNCANNY DODGE
  At 4th level, a rogue can react to danger before her senses would normally allow her to do so. She cannot be caught flat-footed, nor does she lose her Dexterity bonus to AC if the attacker is invisible. She still loses her Dexterity bonus to AC if immobilized. A rogue with this ability can still lose her Dexterity bonus to AC if an opponent successfully uses the feint action against her.

  If a rogue already has uncanny dodge from a different class, she automatically gains improved uncanny dodge (see below) instead.


[HD9]
[Swash L4 Bonus feat]
TWO-WEAPON FIGHTING (Combat)
    You can fight with a weapon wielded in each of your hands. You can make one extra attack each round with the secondary weapon.
    Prerequisite: Dex 15.
    Benefit: Your penalties on attack rolls for fighting with two weapons are reduced. The penalty for your primary hand lessens by 2 and the one for your off hand lessens by 6. See Two-Weapon Fighting.
    Normal: If you wield a second weapon in your off hand, you can get one extra attack per round with that weapon.
    When fighting in this way you suffer a –6 penalty with your regular attack or attacks with your primary hand and a –10 penalty to the attack with your off hand.
    If your off-hand weapon is light, the penalties are reduced by 2 each. An unarmed strike is always considered light.
    Table: Two-Weapon Fighting Penalties
    Circumstances	Primary Hand	Off Hand
    Normal penalties	–6	–10
    Off-hand weapon is light	–4	–8
    Two-Weapon Fighting feat	–4	–4
    Off-hand weapon is light and Two-Weapon Fighting feat	–2	–2



CANNY TUMBLE (Combat) [L9 feat]
  Your acrobatic prowess distracts your foes.
  Prerequisite(s): Dodge, Mobility, Acrobatics 5 ranks.
  Benefit: When you use Acrobatics to move through an opponent’s threatened area or space without provoking an attack of opportunity from that opponent, you gain a +2 circumstance bonus on your next melee attack roll against that opponent and that opponent is denied its Dexterity bonus to AC, as long as you make that attack before the start of your next turn.

[HD10]
RAPIER TRAINING (Ex) +1 attack +2 dam rapier, Improved Critical
  At 5th level, an inspired blade gains a +1 bonus on attack rolls and a +2 bonus on damage rolls with rapiers.
  While wielding a rapier, she gains the benefit of the Improved Critical feat.
  These attack and damage bonuses increase by 1 for every 4 levels beyond 5th (to a maximum of +4 on attack rolls and +5 on damage rolls at 17th level).


[HD11]
CONFOUNDING TUMBLE DEED (PANACHE) [L11 feat]
  You can befuddle a foe by striking a blow after tumbling.
  Prerequisite(s): Amateur Swashbuckler feat or panache class feature, Canny Tumble, Acrobatics 7 ranks.
  Benefit: When you use Acrobatics to move through an opponent’s threatened area or space without provoking an attack of opportunity from that opponent and then hit that foe with a melee attack in the same round, as a free action you can spend 1 panache point to deny that foe its Dexterity bonus to its armor class until the end of your next turn.



Rogues Edge (Skill unlocks)


----- FEAT PATH IDEAS:

TOP
====

IMPROVED TWO-WEAPON FIGHTING (Combat)
  You are skilled at fighting with two weapons.
  Prerequisites: Dex 17, Two-Weapon Fighting, base attack bonus +6.
  Benefit: In addition to the standard single extra attack you get with an off-hand weapon, you get a second attack with it, albeit at a –5 penalty.
  Normal: Without this feat, you can only get a single extra attack with an off-hand weapon.


RUN
  You are swift of foot.
  Benefit: When running, you move five times your normal speed (if wearing medium, light, or no armor and carrying no more than a medium load) or four times your speed (if wearing heavy armor or carrying a heavy load). If you make a jump after a running start (see Acrobatics), you gain a +4 bonus on your Acrobatics check. While running, you retain your Dexterity bonus to your Armor Class.
  Normal: You move four times your speed while running (if wearing medium, light, or no armor and carrying no more than a medium load) or three times your speed (if wearing heavy armor or carrying a heavy load), and you lose your Dexterity bonus to AC.
  With the Improved Feint feat, you can attempt a feint as a move action.

GREATER FEINT (Combat)
  You are skilled at making foes overreact to your attacks.
  Prerequisites: Combat Expertise, Improved Feint, base attack bonus +6, Int 13.
  Benefit: Whenever you use feint to cause an opponent to lose his Dexterity bonus, he loses that bonus until the beginning of your next turn, in addition to losing his Dexterity bonus against your next attack.
  Normal: A creature you feint loses its Dexterity bonus against your next attack.


--> DISORIENTING MANEUVER acro thru opponent +2 attack/+4 trip
      Your erratic movements disorient your opponent.
      Prerequisites: Dodge, Acrobatics 5 ranks.
      Benefit: If you successfully use Acrobatics to tumble through an opponent’s space, you gain a +2 circumstance bonus on attack rolls against that opponent until the start of your next turn. If you choose to make a trip attempt against that opponent, you gain a +4 circumstance bonus on your combat maneuver check. This bonus on trip also lasts until the start of your next turn.

TWO-WEAPON FIGHTING (Combat)


--->COMBAT EXPERTISE (COMBAT)
      You can increase your defense at the expense of your accuracy.
      Prerequisite: Int 13.
      Benefit: You can choose to take a –1 penalty on melee attack rolls and combat maneuver checks to gain a +1 dodge bonus to your Armor Class. When your base attack bonus reaches +4, and every +4 thereafter, the penalty increases by –1 and the dodge bonus increases by +1. You can only choose to use this feat when you declare that you are making an attack or a full-attack action with a melee weapon. The effects of this feat last until your next turn.

------------>IMPROVED PARRY	Combat	Int 13, Combat Expertise
        When you successfully parry a foe’s melee attack (with a dueling parry or the parry class feature), your next melee attack against the target does not allow the enemy to apply its Dexterity bonus to AC (if any). This attack must be made before the end of your next turn.
------------>SLAYER’S FEINT (COMBAT)
  You rely on your deceptive speed and agility instead of trickery to catch your opponents unprepared.
  Prerequisite(s): Dex 15, Acrobatic or slayer level 1st, Combat Expertise, Acrobatics 1 rank.
  Benefit: You can use Acrobatics instead of Bluff to feint in combat.
------------>TWO-WEAPON FEINT (Combat)
    You use one weapon to distract your enemy while slipping another past his defenses.
    Prerequisite: Dex 15, Int 13, Combat Expertise, Two-Weapon Fighting.
    Benefit: While using Two-Weapon Fighting to make melee attacks, you can forgo your first primary-hand melee attack to make a Bluff check to feint an opponent.

IMPROVED TWO-WEAPON FIGHTING (Combat)
    You are skilled at fighting with two weapons.
    Prerequisites: Dex 17, Two-Weapon Fighting, base attack bonus +6.
    Benefit: In addition to the standard single extra attack you get with an off-hand weapon, you get a second attack with it, albeit at a –5 penalty.
    Normal: Without this feat, you can only get a single extra attack with an off-hand weapon.

TWO-WEAPON DEFENSE (Combat)
    You are skilled at defending yourself while dual-wielding.
    Prerequisites: Dex 15, Two-Weapon Fighting.
    Benefit: When wielding a double weapon or two weapons (not including natural weapons or unarmed strikes), you gain a +1 shield bonus to your AC.
    When you are fighting defensively or using the total defense action, this shield bonus increases to +2.

BODYGUARD (COMBAT)
  Your swift strikes ward off enemies attacking nearby allies.
  Prerequisite: Combat Reflexes.
  Benefit: When an adjacent ally is attacked, you may use an attack of opportunity to attempt the aid another action to improve your ally’s AC. You may not use the aid another action to improve your ally’s attack roll with this attack.
  Normal: Aid another is a standard action.

BLEEDING CRITICAL (Combat, Critical)
  Your critical hits cause opponents to bleed profusely.
  Prerequisites: Critical Focus, base attack bonus +11.
  Benefit: Whenever you score a critical hit with a slashing or piercing weapon, your opponent takes 2d6 points of bleed damage each round on his turn, in addition to the damage dealt by the critical hit. Bleed damage can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal skill check or through any magical healing. The effects of this feat stack.

GREATER WEAPON FOCUS (COMBAT)
  Choose one type of weapon (including unarmed strike or grapple) for which you have already selected Weapon Focus. You are a master at your chosen weapon.
  Prerequisites: Proficiency with selected weapon, Weapon Focus with selected weapon, base attack bonus +1, 8th-level fighter.
  Benefit: You gain a +1 bonus on attack rolls you make using the selected weapon. This bonus stacks with other bonuses on attack rolls, including those from Weapon Focus.
  Special: You can gain Greater Weapon Focus multiple times. Its effects do not stack. Each time you take the feat, it applies to a new type of weapon.

  CRITICAL FOCUS (COMBAT)
    -You are trained in the art of causing pain.
    -Prerequisites: Base attack bonus +9.
    -Benefit: You receive a +4 circumstance bonus on attack rolls made to confirm critical hits

  TWIST AWAY
    Your quick reflexes and dexterous movements make up for your lack of stamina.
    Prerequisite(s): Evasion.
    Benefit: While you are wearing light armor or no armor, if you are forced to attempt a Fortitude saving throw, you can use an immediate action to instead attempt a Reflex saving throw (at the same DC).
    If you succeed at this saving throw and the attack has a reduced effect on a successful save, you avoid the effect entirely.
    Whether the saving throw is successful or not, you are staggered until the end of your next turn.
    If you are prevented from becoming staggered, you can’t use Twist Away, nor can you ignore the staggered condition from Twist Away or remove it early

BLOOD DRINKER (Dhampir)
  -Consuming blood reinvigorates you.
  -Benefit: Choose one humanoid subtype, such as “goblinoid” (this subtype cannot be “dhampir”).
  HUMAN
  You have acquired a taste for the blood of creatures with this subtype.
  Whenever you drink fresh blood from such a creature, you gain 5 temporary hit points and a +1 bonus on checks and saves based on Constitution. The effects last 1 hour.
  If you feed multiple times, you continue to gain hit points to a maximum of 5 temporary hit points for every three Hit Dice you have, but the +1 bonus on Constitution-based skill checks and saving throws does not stack.
  -Normally, you can only drink blood from an opponent who is helpless, grappled, paralyzed, pinned, unconscious, or similarly disabled.
  If you have a bite attack, you can drink blood automatically as part of your bite attack; otherwise, you must first cut your target by dealing 1 hit point of damage with a slashing or piercing weapon (though you may feed upon a creature with severe wounds or a bleed effect without cutting it first).
  Once you cut the target, you can drink from its wound as a standard action.
  Drinking blood deals 2 points of Constitution damage to the creature you feed upon.
  The blood must come from a living creature of the specified humanoid subtype.
  It cannot come from a dead or summoned creature.
  Feeding on unwilling intelligent creatures is an evil act.


Rogue Talent:
Shadow Duplicate (Sp)
Once per day as an immediate action when the rogue is hit, the rogue can create a single shadow duplicate of herself, as per mirror image.
The GM randomly determines whether the attack hit the rogue or the shadow duplicate.
The shadow duplicate lasts for a number of rounds equal to the rogue’s level, or until the shadow duplicate is dispelled or destroyed.
This ability does not stack with the mirror image spell.
The caster level for this ability is equal to the rogue’s level. A rogue can use this ability one additional time per day for every 5 rogue levels she has.

Ninja Trick:

Bleeding Attack* (Ex)
Benefit: A ninja with this trick can cause living opponents to bleed by hitting them with a sneak attack.
This attack causes the target to take 1 additional point of damage each round for each die of the ninja’s sneak attack. Bleeding creatures take that amount of damage every round at the start of each of their turns.
The bleeding can be stopped by a DC 15 Heal check or the application of any effect that heals hit point damage.
Bleed damage from this ability does not stack with itself. Bleed damage bypasses any DR the creature might possess.

Pressure Points* (Su)
Benefit: A ninja with this trick can strike at an opponent’s vital pressure points, causing weakness and intense pain.
Whenever the ninja deals sneak attack damage, she also deals 1 point of Strength or Dexterity damage, decided by the ninja. Unlike normal ability damage, this damage can be healed by a DC 15 Heal check.
 Each successful check heals 1 point of damage caused by this trick.
 A ninja with this trick receives a +10 insight bonus on this Heal check.

 Redirect Force (Ex)
Benefit: If the ninja has a feat that allows her to attempt a combat maneuver without provoking attacks of opportunity, she can choose to provoke them anyway when she performs that maneuver. If she does so and takes damage from the attack of opportunity, the ninja adds the damage as a bonus on her attack roll instead of as a penalty.

styles
Cloak and Dagger Style (Combat, Style)
  Your attacks effortlessly inflict debilitating conditions on unaware opponents.
  Prerequisite(s): Int 13, Combat Expertise, Improved Dirty Trick, Vital Strike, Weapon Focus with the chosen weapon, base attack bonus +6.
  Benefit(s): Choose one light melee weapon. While using this style, whenever you use the attack action to attack an opponent during a surprise round with your chosen weapon, you can attempt a dirty trick combat maneuver check against that opponent as a free action. Additionally, if an adjacent target attempts to remove a condition that you inflicted upon it with the dirty trick combat maneuver, it provokes an attack of opportunity from you.
  Special: In addition to the chosen weapon, a character with the weapon training class feature can use Cloak and Dagger Style with any light melee weapon belonging to any fighter weapon group he has selected with weapon training.
  A character with the swashbuckler weapon training class feature can use Cloak and Dagger Style with light and one-handed piercing weapons.

  Fox Style (Combat, Style)
    Your martial training helps you manipulate foes.

    Prerequisite(s): Int 13.

    Benefit(s): While using this style, you can use your base attack bonus in place of your ranks in Bluff on Bluff checks to feint in combat and to create a distraction to hide. If your Intelligence is at least 19, you gain a +4 bonus on such Bluff checks when adding your Charisma modifier.
