DHAMPIR

+2 Dex, +2 Cha, -2 Con
+2 Bluff, +2 Perception
+2 Saves vs mind affecting, +2 vs disease

No penalties for nrgative levels, except die if negative levels equal total levels
All negative levels gone by next day no save required

Dazzled in bright light
Detect Undead x3 daily
Negative energy heals, positive energy harms

=============================


Home >Races >Other Races >Featured Races >
Dhampir (11 RP)
Contents [show]

The half-living children of vampires birthed by human females, dhampirs are progenies of both horror and tragedy. The circumstances of a dhampir’s conception are often called into question but scarcely understood, as few mortal mothers survive the childbirth.
Those who do often abandon their monstrous children and refuse to speak of the matter.
While some speculate that dhampirs result when mortal women couple with vampires, others claim that they form when a pregnant woman suffers a vampire bite.
 Some particularly zealous scholars even contest dhampirs’ status as a unique race, instead viewing them as humans suffering from an unholy affliction.
Indeed, this hypothesis is strengthened by dhampirs’ seeming inability to reproduce, their offspring inevitably humans (usually sorcerers with the undead bloodline).

Regardless, they live and die just like any other mortal creatures, despite possessing a supernatural longevity akin to that of elves. Hardship and suffering fill a dhampir’s formative years.
Most grow up as orphans, and despite their exquisite features and innate charm, they face a lifetime of prejudice, mistrust, fear, and persecution. Humans who witness the seemingly sinister nature of a dhampir child’s supernatural powers or sensitivity to daylight display an array of reactions ranging from awe to terror to outright hatred.
Eventually, a dhampir must learn to cope with these difficulties in order to find his place in the world. While most dhampirs succumb to the innate evil of their undead heritage and devolve into the monstrous fiends depicted by society, a few reject their unholy conceptions, instead vowing to avenge their mothers by hunting the very creatures that sired them.
Dhampirs keep few, if any, close companions.
Ultimately, the majority of evil dhampirs regard their allies as little more than tools or fodder.
Those whom they deem useful are judged by their merits as individuals, not by their race.
However, even with those they feel attached to, most dhampirs are sullen and reserved.
Some fear the persecution heaped upon them may be transferred to their companions, whereas others worry their own bloodlust will one day overwhelm them and they’ll inadvertently turn upon their friends.
In any case, an alliance with a dhampir almost always leads to an ill-fated conclusion.

Physical Description: Tall and slender and with well-defined musculature, dhampirs look like statuesque humans of unearthly beauty. Their hair, eye, and skin colors resemble unnerving versions of their mothers’; many possess a ghastly pallor, particularly in the sunlight, while those with dark complexions often possess skin the color of a bruise.

While many dhampirs can pass as humans in ideal conditions, their features are inevitably more pronounced and they move with an unnaturally fluid grace. All dhampirs have elongated incisors. While not true fangs, these teeth are sharp enough to draw blood, and many suffer a reprehensible desire to indulge in sanguinary delights, despite the fact that the act provides most no physical benefit.

Society: Dhampirs have no culture of their own, nor do they have any known lands or even communities. Often born in secret and abandoned at orphanages or left to die on the outskirts of town, they tend to live solitary lives as exiles and outcasts. Individuals acquire the cultural beliefs and teachings of the regions in which they grew up, and adopt additional philosophies over the course of their complex lives. This ability to adapt to a verity of circumstances provides dhampirs with a social camouflage that hides them from both predators and prey. In rare instances, dhampirs might gather to form small groups or cabals dedicated to resolving their joint issues. Even so, the philosophies of such groups reflect the interests of the individuals involved, not any common dhampir culture.

Relations: As dhampirs are scions of evil, few races view them favorably. They share an affinity for those half-breeds whose sinister ancestry also sets them apart from human society, particularly tieflings and half-orcs. Humans view them with a combination of fear and pity, though such feelings often devolve into hatred and violence. Other humanoid races, such as dwarves, elves, and halflings, simply shun them. Similarly, dhampirs bear a deep-seeded loathing for living creatures, their hatred planted by jealousy and fed by frustration.

Alignment and Religion: Most dhampirs succumb to the evil within their blood. They are unnatural creatures, and the foul influence of their undead heritage makes an evil outlook difficult to overcome. Those who struggle against their wicked natures rarely progress beyond a neutral outlook.

Adventurers: The life of an adventurer comes naturally to most dhampirs, since constant persecution condemns many to spend their days wandering. Evil dhampirs keep moving to maintain their secrecy and evade lynch mobs, while those who follow the path of vengeance venture forth in search of their despised fathers. Regardless of their reasons, most dhampirs simply feel more at home on the road than in a settlement. Having little formal training, a great many of these journeyers become fighters and rogues.

Almost universally, those inclined toward magic pursue the field of necromancy, though dhampir alchemists have been known to obsess over transforming their own bodies. Those who feel the call of the hunt often become inquisitors.

Names: Lacking a culture and unified traditions, dhampirs share humans’ predilection for a diversity of names, and most keep their human birth names. Many dhampirs take their mother’s surname, while others take the surname of the towns or regions in which they were born, or use a surname derived from a significant event.



Random Dhampir Height and Weight
Gender	Base Height	Height Modifier	Base Weight	Weight Modifier
Male	4 ft. 10 in.	+2d10 in.
(5 ft. – 6 ft. 6 in.)	120 lbs.	+(2d10×5 lbs.)
(130 – 220 lbs.)
Female	4 ft. 5 in.	+2d10 in.
(4 ft. 7 in. – 6 ft. 1 in.)	85 lbs.	+(2d10×5 lbs.)
(95 – 185 lbs.)
Table: Race Point Costs
Racial Traits	Race Point Cost
Type	Humanoid (dhampir)	0
Size	Medium	0
Base Speed	Normal	0
Ability Score Modifiers	Standard (+2 Dex, –2 Con, +2 Cha)	0
Languages	Linguist	1
Resistances	Level drain	1
Resistances	Undead resistance	1
Skill Bonus	Bluff	2
Skill Bonus	Perception	2
Spell-Like Ability	Lesser	3
Senses	Darkvision 60 ft.	2
Senses	Low-light vision	1
Weaknesses	Light sensitivity	–1
Weaknesses	Negative energy affinity	–1
Total	11


Standard Racial Traits
Ability Score Modifiers: Dhampirs are fast and seductive, but their racial bond to the undead impedes their mortal vigor. They gain +2 Dexterity, +2 Charisma, and –2 Constitution.
Type: Dhampirs are humanoids with the dhampir subtype.
Size: Dhampirs are Medium creatures and thus have no bonuses or penalties due to their size.
Base Speed: Dhampirs have a base speed of 30 feet.
Languages: Dhampirs begin play speaking Common. Those with high Intelligence scores can choose any language it wants (except secret languages, such as Druidic). See the Linguistics skill page for more information about these languages.
Undead Resistance: Dhampirs gain a +2 racial bonus on saving throws against disease and mind-affecting effects.
Resist Level Drain (Ex): A dhampir takes no penalties from energy drain effects, though he can still be killed if he accrues more negative levels then he has Hit Dice. After 24 hours, any negative levels a dhampir takes are removed without the need for an additional saving throw.

Manipulative Dhampir gain a +2 racial bonus on Bluff and Perception checks.

Spell-Like Abilities (Su): A dhampir can use detect undead three times per day as a spell-like ability. The caster level for this ability equals the dhampir’s class level.

Darkvision: Dhampir see perfectly in the dark up to 60 feet.

Low-light vision: In addition to their ability to see perfectly in the dark up to 60 ft, dhampir have low-light vision, allowing them to see twice as far as humans in conditions of dim light.
Light Sensitivity: Dhampirs are dazzled in areas of bright sunlight or within the radius of a daylight spell.
Negative Energy Affinity: Though a living creature, a dhampir reacts to positive and negative energy as if it were undead—positive energy harms it, while negative energy heals it.
Sunlight Syndrome
Source PRG:TWoVHD

Many denizens of the night are particularly vulnerable to the sun’s brutal rays—vampires in particular.

A character or creature vulnerable to sunlight syndrome—typically a member of a race with light sensitivity—must attempt a DC 20 Fortitude saving throw at the end of any day during which he spent more than 1 hour exposed to sunlight. Mundane gear such as a sun sensitivity outfit does not spare a character from needing to attempt this saving throw. If the saving throw succeeds, he faces no ill effects. If the saving throw fails, he must choose one of the following results: he gains the fatigued condition until he spends 12 hours resting in an area of dim light or darkness, or he gains 1 sunlight syndrome point. If the character gains a sunlight syndrome point, he takes no immediate ill effects, but he takes a –2 penalty on saving throws against sunlight syndrome for as long as he has 1 or more sunlight syndrome points.

A character can have multiple sunlight syndrome points, the penalties of which stack. One sunlight syndrome point can be removed by spending 12 hours resting in an area of dim light or darkness. Building up sunlight syndrome points represents the character’s resolve in facing the uncomfortable light, but also his growing discomfort— which can prove dangerous.

If a character gains a number of sunlight syndrome points equal to his Constitution modifier, he risks being overwhelmed. Anytime the character gains the dazzled condition as a result of bright light, he must attempt an immediate DC 30 Fortitude saving throw. The penalties imposed by sunlight syndrome points apply to this saving throw. If he fails, he is immediately fatigued. This condition lasts until the character spends 24 hours unconscious in an area of dim light or darkness with at least two-thirds of his body buried in cool earth, rocks, or sand. The character is helpless during this time. At the end of this period, all of the character’s sunlight syndrome points are removed.

Which characters or races are vulnerable to sunlight syndrome varies from game to game. At the GM’s discretion, sunlight syndrome might be a new, added vulnerability of dhampirs who travel the Frontier. Alternatively, it might be a drawback that grants a character an additional trait. GMs should work with players to decide whether or not sunlight syndrome features in their game.

Alternate Racial Traits
The following alternate racial traits may be selected in place of one or more of the standard racial traits above. Consult your GM before selecting any of these new options.

Dayborn A few fortunate dhampirs were born during the day under the blessings of priests, and their blood has weaker ties to their undead bloodline than others of their kind. Such dhampirs are unhindered by daylight and lose the light sensitivity racial trait. This racial trait replaces the spell-like ability racial trait.

Fangs On occasion, a dhampir may inherit his father’s lengthy canines. Whenever the dhampir makes a grapple combat maneuver check to damage an opponent, he can choose to bite his opponent, dealing 1d3 points of damage as if using a natural bite attack. As a standard action, the dhampir can bite a creature that is bound, helpless, paralyzed, or similarly unable to defend itself. This racial trait replaces the spell-like ability racial trait.

Heir to Undying Nobility: Descended from undead nobility some dhampirs inherit a bit of their ancestors’ ability to control living beings. They can use command and charm person each once per day. This racial trait replaces the spell-like ability racial trait. Source PZO9280

Vampire Hunter: Some dhampirs bear a deep hatred for their undead progenitors and their kin that can never be fully quenched. They gain a +1 bonus on attack rolls against vampires. This racial trait replaces manipulative. Source PZO9280

Vampiric Empathy Though dhampirs often relate poorly to humanoids, some share an affinity with baser creatures. These dhampirs gain the ability to communicate with bats, rats, and wolves as if under the effects of a speak with animals spell (caster level equal to 1/2 the dhampir’s Hit Dice). In addition, they gain a +2 racial bonus on Diplomacy checks when dealing with these animals. Whenever these dhampirs initiate an exchange, animals begin with a starting attitude of indifferent. This is a supernatural ability. This racial trait replaces manipulative.
Race Traits

The following two traits (NOT racial traits, but race traits, as in Regional, Campaign, Magic, etc., yes, it’s confusing) are available to any Dhampir character.

Born in the Light The circumstance of your birth and upbringing left little room to accommodate your weaknesses, and many hours toiling in broad daylight have decreased the severity of your innate hindrances. You gain a +2 bonus on checks and saves affected by the Endurance feat (this bonus does not stack with the bonus granted by The Endurance feat). When your light sensitivity causes you to become dazzled, you do not take the -1 penalty on sight-based Perception checks.

Final Embrace Like your undead ancestor, you possess an intense yearning for the touch of the living, and the hunger That dwells within you grants an unnatural strength to your grip. You gain a +2 trait bonus on grapple combat maneuver checks to pin an opponent.

Favored Class Options
The following favored class options are available to all characters of this race who have the listed favored class, and unless otherwise stated, the bonus applies each time you select the favored class reward (fractional bonuses do nothing until they add up to whole numbers.)

Paizo Favored Class Options
Alchemist Add +10 minutes to the duration of the alchemist’s mutagens.
Cleric Add +1 to the caster level of any channeling feat used to affect undead.
Fighter Add a +2 bonus on rolls to stabilize when dying.
Inquisitor Add a +1/2 bonus on Intimidate checks to demoralize humanoids.
Oracle Add +1/2 point of negative energy damage to spells that deal negative energy damage.
Rogue Add a +1/2 bonus on Stealth checks and Perception checks made in dim light or darkness.
Wizard Add +1/4 to the wizard’s caster level when casting spells of the necromancy school.
3rd Party Publisher Favored Class Options
Barbarian Add +1/4 to the damage of a bite attack. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Bard Add a +1/3 bonus to the DC of the fascinate ability. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Cavalier Add +1/4 to the damage to one of the mount’s natural weapon attacks. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Druid Add +1/4 to the damage of a bite attack. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Gunslinger Add +1/3 on critical hit confirmation rolls made with firearms (maximum bonus of +5). This bonus does not stack with Critical Focus. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Magus Add +1/3 on critical hit confirmation rolls when using spell combat (maximum bonus of +5). This bonus does not stack with Critical Focus. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Monk Add +1/4 to the damage of an unarmed strike. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Oracle Add +1 on concentration checks made when casting oracle spells with the curse descriptor. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Paladin: Add a +1/3 bonus on saving throws against death effects. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Ranger Add +1/4 to the damage of one of the animal companion’s natural weapon attacks. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Summoner Add +1/4 point to the damage of one of the eidolon’s natural weapon attacks. (Source JBE:BoHRC)
Witch Add +1/4 to the witch’s caster level when casting spells of the necromancy school.


Racial Archetypes
The following racial archetypes are available to dhampirs:

Subpages

Cruoromancer (Wizard; Dhampir)
Kinslayer (Inquisitor; Dhampir)
Racial Feats
The following feats are available to a dhampir character who meets the prerequisites.

Blood Drinker
Blood Feaster
Blood Salvage
Diverse Palate
Life-Dominant Soul
Natural Charmer
