1402
-100 shake down by starving people




MUNDANE ITEMS
Backpack              2 lb
Blanket, winter       3 lb
Candle
Flint and Steel
Ink vial
Ink pen
Parchement sheets x5
Rations x2            2 lb
Sack x1               1 lb
Waterskin             4 lb
Thieves' Tools (MW)   1 lb
(MW Tool) for Acrobatics (move through threatened squares)


ARMS
+2 mithral rapier
+2 cold iron rapier + (effortless lace)
Dagger +1


ARMOUR
(not worn) Buckler+1 	          AC: +2	–1Check	5%Fail   base: 5gp  + magic$$
Mithral Corsair Chain shirt+1	  AC: +5 (+5 Acro, Whenever regain panache +10 until begin of next turn)


MAGIC ITEMS
Handy Haversack
Wand Magic Missile x 62
Anatomy Doll
wand of animate dead (10 charges)
wand of command undead (6 charges) x 4 wands
Flayleaf x 15 (Hallucinogenic Drug)
Page of Spell Knowledge [Vanish]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Ray of Enfeeblement]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Shield]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Protection from Evil]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Obscuring Mist]
Page of Spell Knowledge [True Strike]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Windy Escape]
Page of Spell Knowledge [Moment of Greatness]
Potion inflict light wounds x 2
Potion inflict serious wounds x 1
Potion of Haste x 3
Potion of Flying x 1
Potion Remove Fear  x 2
Magenta Prism (Ioun Stone)


BODY ITEMS
Belt of Dex +2 (waist)
Amulet of Natural Armor +2 (neck)
Boots of Elvenkind Acro +5 (feet)
Cloak of Resistance +2 (shoulders)
Ring of Protection +2 (hand1)
Ring of Swimming (+5 Swim) (hand2)
Plume of Panache (head)


GOLD:
0 + 14,000 loot = 14,000
14,000 -150 Remove Blindness = 13,850
13,850 - 1430 Raise Dead Share = 12,420
12,420 - 8000 Keen Rapier = 4,430
4,430 - 750 Haste Potion = 3,680
3,680 + 500 Sell Cloak of Resistance +1 = 4,180
4,180 + 9.391 Loot = 13,570
13,570 - 6,000 Keen the rapier = 7,570
7,570 - 3,000 Haste potion x 4 = 4,570
- 600 invisibility potion x 2
- 600 spider climb potion x 2
- 300 remove paralysis








=============
MW Tool (Acrobatics: Move through threatened)
Billowy :
Price 50 gp; Slot Shoulders; Weight 1 lbs.
A flowing red cape that can dazzle opponents in battle. Using this tool, the user gains a +2 circumstance bonus on any acrobatics checks for moving through threatened squares.
Masterwork billowous cloak
---
Magenta Prism (Ioun Stone)
Cracked: This stone grants you a +2 competence bonus on checks with any one skill you choose, and you can change the skill modified once per day, as a normal magenta prism ioun stone. Price: 800 gp.
----
Flayleaf
EDIT
Flayleaf is a wiry shrub with reddish-brown leaves that grows in almost any temperate environment. Leaves are harvested and dried, and when smoked produce a powerful sedative and hallucinogenic effect similar to drunkenness. [1] Harvesting the leaves of this drug are dangerous due to the Flayleaf spiders that live on the plants.[1]

Flayleaf as a Drug
It is also a powerful analgesic and muscle relaxant, rendering the user immune to most pain for up to four hours. It also causes the user to become very susceptible to suggestion.[1] The berries of the flayleaf plant are sometimes crushed and mixed with dream spider venom and spiderberry tea to produce a potent hallucinogen called Riddleport Tea.[2] Unlike its cousin, the cabble-weed, flayleaf is highly addictive.[3] Cost varies across regions with a full pouch of it going for around 12 gp in the highly permissive city of Riddleport in Varisia.[4]
----


Wishlist
--------
Shirt, Quick Runner’s
Aura faint transmutation; CL 5th; Slot chest; Price 1,000 gp; Weight —

DESCRIPTION
This shirt is made of light, gossamer-thin fabric embroidered with arrangements of winged feet.
Once per day as a swift action, the wearer can take an additional move action to move and then immediately end his turn, losing any unspent actions.
A character must wear this shirt continuously for 24 hours before he can activate this ability.

Swashbuckler
	Answering Weapon Enhancement		Weapons	+1 bonus
	Blouse of the Boastful Bastard		Chest		8000 when takes damage from a successful critical hit, she regains 1 panache point
	Cape of Daring Deeds			Shoulders	9000
	Cape of Feinting				Shoulders	14000
	Cloak of the Sneaky Scoundrel		Shoulders	6400
	Corsair Armor Enhancement			Armor		5000
	Flamboyant Weapon Enhancement		Weapons	Varies
	Plume of Panache				Head		1000
	Flamboyant Weapon Enhancement		Weapons	2500
	Rapier of Battlefield Movement		Weapons	30320
	Ring of Resilience				Rings		15000
  -
  Ring of Resilience
Price 15,000 gp; Slot ring; CL 10th; Weight —; Aura moderate conjuration
    DESCRIPTION
    This tarnished copper band sheds its patina when worn by anyone with panache or grit.
    Whenever the wearer regains a panache or grit point through her actions (not just a daily refresh), she can try to end a single ongoing condition affecting her, attempting a new saving throw against the original DC.
    The effect must be one that allowed a saving throw, can be removed by either dispel magic or heal, and be an effect against which the wearer failed her initial saving throw.
    If the wearer succeeds at the new save, the effect is removed even if succeeding at the save would normally have other consequences, and even if the effect normally requires multiple saves to remove.
    If the effect allowed more than one type of saving throw, use the type and DC for the first saving throw the wearer failed for the effect.
    The wearer can use the ring only once for each ongoing condition. As the wearer must regain a panache or grit point to reroll a save, the ring provides no benefit if she hasn’t used any grit or panache.


	Spiteful Armor Enhancement			Armor		7000
	Skewering Weapon Enhancement		Weapons	+1 bonus
	Swashbuckler's Rapier			Weapons	7320
      Price 7,320 gp; Slot none; CL 7th; Weight 2 lbs.; Aura moderate transmutation
      This +1 rapier has the nondescript, clean lines of a practice foil.
      The wielder can spend 1 panache point as a swift action to give the bane special ability for 1 round, and can pick any subtype of humanoids as the designated foe.

	Swordmaster's Flair				None		2500
      Price 2,500 gp; Slot none; CL 5th; Weight —; Aura faint enchantment
      DESCRIPTION
      These garish tokens usually take the form of a colorful clothing accessories.
      So long as a token is grasped in the user’s off hand, she can spend 1 panache point to gain the use of a specific ability associated with the token.
      Once per day, the bearer can use the token to gain the full benefit of the token without spending panache. Non-swashbucklers can use the tokens, but unless they have another way of gaining panache, they can use the ability only once per day.
      A character can benefit from only one token at a time; holding a second token provides no additional benefit.
      There are four types of tokens, each offering a different benefit.
      Blue Scarf:
        The user can spend 1 panache point as a swift action to increase her melee reach with light or one-handed piercing weapons by 5 feet for 1 minute.
      Green Glove:
        The user can spend 1 panache point as a swift action to ignore the effects of difficult terrain until the end of her next turn.
      Red Sash:
        The user can spend 1 panache point as an immediate action to attempt a combat maneuver check to trip a creature that has charged and ended its charge in a space within the user’s melee reach.
        This combat maneuver does not provoke an attack of opportunity, it’s attempted before the attack at the end of the charge, and the sash’s user gains a +2 bonus on the check.
        If the check is successful, the attacker can’t make an attack at the end of its charge.
      White Lace Kerchief:
        The user can spend 1 panache point as a swift action to pinpoint an unseen, adjacent enemy and gains the benefits of the Blind Fight feat for 1 round.


        Effortless Lace
Price 2,500 gp; Slot none; CL 15th; Weight —; Aura strong transmutation

DESCRIPTION

This elegant silk ribbon gleams like mithral and feels like polished steel.

EFFECTS

When wrapped around the grip of a one-handed piercing or slashing melee weapon for 24 hours, the ribbon’s magic permanently merges with the weapon, reducing the attack roll penalty incurred by a wielder who is smaller than the weapon’s intended wielder by 2 (to a minimum penalty of 0).

If the weapon is wielded by a creature whose size matches that of the weapon’s intended wielder, the weapon is treated as a light melee weapon when determining whether it can be used with Weapon Finesse, as well as with any feat, spell, or special weapon ability that can be used in conjunction with light weapons.

Once an effortless lace’s abilities have been conveyed to a weapon, the ribbon must remain attached to the weapon or its effects end immediately, its magic is permanently lost, and it is reduced to worthless cloth. Effects that would dispel the magic of the weapon or cause the weapon to gain the broken condition (such as sundering) destroy the ribbon as well.

Page of Spell Knowledge

Runestone of Power
Aura strong transmutation; CL 17th; Slot none; Price 2,000 gp (1st), 8,000 gp (2nd), 18,000 gp (3rd), 32,000 gp (4th), 50,000 gp (5th), 72,000 gp (6th), 98,000 gp (7th), 128,000 gp (8th), 162,000 gp (9th); Weight –

DESCRIPTION

A runestone of power is a small chip of polished stone etched with a rune.

Traditionally, this rune is one of many runes for magic, but more recently created runestones of power often substitute runes from other cultures—the nature of the rune itself has no effect on the runestone’s actual powers. These objects are potent aids to all spellcasters who cast spells spontaneously (bards, inquisitors, oracles, sorcerers, and summoners, but not to spellcasters like clerics who have the option to spontaneously cast certain spells).

Once per day, a spontaneous caster can draw upon a runestone of power to cast a spell—doing so is part of the spellcasting action, and expends that runestone’s power for the day rather than one of the spellcaster’s actual spell slots for the day. An expended runestone of power recharges its capacity after 24 hours. The spell must be of a particular level, depending on the runestone.



GOGGLES OF MINUTE SEEING
-Aura faint divination; CL 3rd; Slot eyes; Price 2,500 gp; Weight —
-The lenses of this item are made of special crystal, its band woven with tiny patterns of metallic thread almost invisible to the naked eye.
-When placed over the eyes of the wearer, the lenses enable her to see much better than normal at distances of 1 foot or less, granting her a +5 competence bonus on Disable Device checks. Both lenses must be worn for the magic to be effective.
-Feats Craft Wondrous Item, true seeing; Cost 1,250 gp.

EYES OF THE EAGLE
-Aura faint divination; CL 3rd; Slot eyes; Price 2,500 gp; Weight —
-These lenses are made of special crystal and fit over the eyes of the wearer.
-They grant a +5 competence bonus on Perception checks. Both lenses must be worn to gain the benefit. Wearing only one causes a character to become dizzy and stunned for 1 round.
-Feats Craft Wondrous Item, clairaudience/clairvoyance; Cost 1,250 gp.

SCROLL:
Identify

PFS Legal Daredevil Boots
Source Ultimate Equipment pg. 230
Aura faint enchantment; CL 3rd
Slot feet; Price 1,400 gp; Weight 1 lb.
Description
This pair of magical boots shimmers in vibrant shades of blazing red and burning orange when they are held up to the light. These boots allow the wearer to gain extra maneuverability while moving through hazardous areas. As a free action, the wearer can click her heels together to grant herself a +5 competence bonus on Acrobatics checks made to move through threatened squares or to move through an enemy’s space without provoking attacks of opportunity for up to 10 rounds per day. The rounds do not need to be consecutive. Furthermore, anytime the wearer of the boots successfully moves though the space of an enemy without provoking an attack of opportunity, she gains a +1 bonus on attack rolls against that enemy until the end of her turn.
Construction
Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, cat’s grace; Cost 700 gp


GOGGLES, ARACHNID
-Aura moderate transmutation; CL 9th; Slot eye; Price 15,000 gp; Weight 2 lbs.
-This leather band is studded with dozens of faceted crystals of varying size, two of which fit over the eyes.
-When wearing these goggles, the wearer uses all the crystals as eyes, gaining all-around vision.
-Feats Craft Wondrous Item, countless eyes; Cost 7,500 gp.

SNIPER GOGGLES
-Aura faint divination; CL 5th; Slot eyes; Price 20,000 gp; Weight 1 lb.
-The leather strap attached to these bulbous lenses allows their wearer to fit them to his head.
-The wearer of these goggles can make ranged sneak attacks from any distance instead of the normal 30 feet. When making ranged sneak attacks within 30 feet, the wearer gains a +2 circumstance bonus on each sneak attack damage die.
-Feats Craft Wondrous Item, true strike; Cost 10,000 gp

SNIPER GOGGLES, GREATER
-Aura moderate divination; CL 8th; Slot eye; Price 50,000 gp; Weight —
-These goggles feature stubby periscope-like lenses that expand and retract depending on the needs of the wearer.
-These goggles function as sniper goggles, but the wearer gains the +2 circumstance bonus on each sneak attack when making a sneak attack at any range.
-Feats Craft Wondrous Item, true strike; Cost 25,000 gp.

POTION:
True Strike 50 gp

BOOTS OF STRIDING AND SPRINGING
-Aura faint transmutation; CL 3rd; Slot feet; Price 5,500 gp; Weight 1 lb.
-These boots increase the wearer’s base land speed by 10 feet. In addition to this striding ability (considered an enhancement bonus), these boots allow the wearer to make great leaps. She can jump with a +5 competence bonus on Acrobatics checks.
-Craft Wondrous Item, longstrider; Special creator must have 5 ranks in the Acrobatics skill; Cost 2,750 gp


DUSTY ROSE PRISM (IOUN STONE)
  Aura strong varied; CL 12th; Slot —; Price 5,000 gp; Weight —
  This stone grants the wearer a +1 insight bonus to AC.
  Cracked: This stone grants a +1 competence bonus on initiative checks. Price: 500 gp.
  Flawed: This stone grants a +1 insight bonus to AC and a –2 penalty to Strength. Price: 4,000 gp.
  See Inferior Ioun Stones for details on cracked and flawed variant stones.


RING OF FORCE SHIELD
  Aura moderate evocation; CL 9th; Slot ring; Price 8,500 gp; Weight —
  This ring generates a shield-sized (and shield-shaped) wall of force that stays with the ring and can be wielded by the wearer as if it were a heavy shield (+2 AC). This special creation has no armor check penalty or arcane spell failure chance since it is weightless and encumbrance-free. It can be activated and deactivated at will as a free action.
  Feats Forge Ring; Spells wall of force; Cost 4,250 gp.


JINGASA OF THE FORTUNATE SOLDIER
  Aura strong divination; CL 15th; Slot head; Price 5,000 gp; Weight 3 lbs.
  This conical iron jingasa, or war hat, grants the wearer a +1 deflection bonus to AC.
  When struck by a critical hit or sneak attack, the wearer can spend an immediate action to negate the critical hit or sneak attack (similar to the fortification armor special ability, but without requiring a roll).
  The damage is instead rolled normally.
  This ability functions only once, though the jingasa continues to grant its deflection bonus even after the other ability is expended.
  Feats Craft Wondrous Item, divine favor, moment of prescience; Cost 2,500 gp.

ROD OF BALANCE
  Aura faint abjuration; CL 5th; Slot none; Price 15,000 gp; Weight 5 lbs.
  This short, slender rod appears to be crafted from solid iron, though it is incredibly light.
  In this shortened form, the rod has no powers. However, when the wielder pushes a small button on one end of the rod (a move action), the rod springs open to a 5-foot length, and its powers become available for use.
  Once extended, the rod possesses several powers that add to the wielder’s acrobatic abilities . The wielder of the rod receives a +10 competence bonus on all Acrobatics checks involving long jumps and high jumps; additionally, the wielder covers double the normal distance for a jump when making an Acrobatics check. The individual holding the rod also gain a +4 dodge bonus to AC when fighting defensively instead of the usual +2 bonus. Also, while using this item, the user of the rod cannot be knocked prone, and takes only half damage from falling. A rod of balance emits a faint aura of the abjuration and transmutation schools.
  Feats Craft Rod, cat’s grace, feather fall, jump; Cost 7,500 gp


STONE OF GOOD LUCK (LUCKSTONE)
  Aura faint evocation; CL 5th; Slot —; Price 20,000 gp; Weight —

  DESCRIPTION

  This small bit of agate grants its possessor a +1 luck bonus on saving throws, ability checks, and skill checks.

  CONSTRUCTION REQUIREMENTS

  Craft Wondrous Item, divine favor; Cost 10,000 gp


  MASTERWORK TOOL

Price 50 gp; Weight 1 lb.

This tool is perfect for its intended job. It grants a +2 circumstance bonus on a related skill check (if any). The bonuses provided by multiple masterwork items do not stack.

Several common items already count as masterwork tools for particular skills. These are the alchemist's lab, climber's kit, disguise kit, healer's kit, masterwork musical instrument, and masterwork thieves' tools. Therefore, there is no masterwork climber's kit, masterwork healer's kit, and so on—those items are already the best available for general checks with the relevant skill.

Some skills have no appropriate tool or masterwork tool—no nonmagical item exists that grants a bonus for all uses of that skill. For example, just because a certain perfume is favored by local nobles (granting a +2 circumstance bonus on Diplomacy checks to influence them) doesn't mean that perfume has the same effect on a member of the thieves' guild, a foreign berserker, or a medusa. Likewise, just because a fake beard woven by dwarves out of the beards of famous dwarves may grant a +2 circumstance bonus on Use Magic Device checks to emulate the dwarven race doesn't mean the beard has any effect on using that skill to activate elven items or paladin items, or to decipher a written spell.

Individual GMs may want to allow masterwork tools for other skills at the listed cost. The circumstance bonus for such a tool should never be more than +2. The tool should either have a limited number of uses (such as the disguise and healer's kits) or only apply to certain aspects of the skill (such as the balancing pole's bonus on Acrobatics checks to traverse a narrow surface or the magnifying glass's bonus on Appraise checks for detailed items).


Boots of the Cat
Aura faint transmutation; CL 1st; Slot feet; Price 1,000 gp; Weight 1 lb.

DESCRIPTION

These high-soled blue boots provide a great deal of comfort and arch support while also making the wearer appear a little bit taller than normal.

The boot’s wearer always takes the minimum possible damage from falls (as if the GM had rolled a 1 on each die of damage incurred by the fall) and at the end of a fall always lands on his feet.

CONSTRUCTION REQUIREMENTS

Feats Craft Wondrous Item, feather fall; Cost 500 gp.

Home >Magic Items >Wondrous Items >A-B >
Boots of Speed
Aura moderate transmutation; CL 10th; Slot feet; Price 12,000 gp; Weight 1 lb.

DESCRIPTION

As a free action, the wearer of boots of speed can click her heels together, letting her act as though affected by a haste spell for up to 10 rounds each day. The haste effect’s duration need not be consecutive rounds.


Burst of Speed: A solid spell from Ultimate Combat, this spell seems a little weak for a 3rd-level spell slot at first glance. As a swift action you gain a 20 foot bonus to your speed (untyped), or a 10 foot bonus if you're wearing medium or heavy armor. The advantage is that your movement doesn't provoke attacks of opportunity, and you can move through spaces of creatures larger than you as long as you don't end your movement there. Again, it's only usable on the self, but it's a handy trick to have up your sleeve if you need to close with an enemy (or get behind them for a flank) in a big damn hurry.


Haste: Everyone's favorite party boosting spell, haste adds 30 feet to a person's movement in all forms. This counts as an enhancement bonus, so it won't stack with other enhancement bonuses. However, it has the advantage that it can affect several people at once, and that it will boost party members who can fly, swim, burrow, climb, etc. It also eats a 2nd or 3rd level spell slot, depending on your casting class, so you can keep it in spell-completion form, too, should you need it.

- Expeditious Retreat: A lower-level way to give yourself a 30-foot bonus to your speed, expeditious retreat is also treated as an enhancement bonus. It lasts for minutes per level, and it's a great way to get around the limitations placed on you because of heavier armor, shorter movement speeds from size, etc. And, despite the name, you can use this spell to move into an attack position if that's what you'd rather do!

EXPEDITIOUS RETREAT
  School transmutation; Level alchemist 1, bard 1, inquisitor 1, magus 1, psychic 1, sorcerer/wizard 1, summoner/unchained summoner 1; Subdomain azata (chaos, good) 1, exploration 1
  Casting Time 1 standard action
  Components V, S
  Range personal
  Target you
  Duration 1 min./level (D)
  This spell increases your base land speed by 30 feet. This adjustment is treated as an enhancement bonus. There is no effect on other modes of movement, such as burrow, climb, fly, or swim. As with any effect that increases your speed, this spell affects your jumping distance (see the Acrobatics skill).



---- Notes -----
ANATOMY DOLL
  Aura faint necromancy; CL 5th; Slot none; Price 1,000 gp; Weight 1 lb.
  This stuffed rag doll might resemble a child’s toy if not for the vital organs depicted on its cloth.
  By dabbing the doll with a few drops of blood from a living creature (a standard action), the bearer can form a sympathetic link between the doll and the victim.
  If the chosen victim has spell resistance, the doll must beat the target’s spell resistance to create the link. As a standard action, the bearer can twist or stab the doll; this gives the target the sickened condition for one round and deals 1 point of negative energy damage plus 1 point for each die of the doll bearer’s sneak attack damage (if any).
  Each time the target is affected by the doll, it receives a DC 14 Will save to end the link. The doll’s holder needs line of effect to the victim, but not line of sight. Once linked to a particular creature, an anatomy doll cannot be linked to another creature, but the bearer can re-establish a broken link by anointing it with more of the target’s blood.
  Feats Craft Wondrous Item, bestow curse, bleed Cost 500 gp.
  https://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/wondrous-items/c-d/doll-anatomy/



BOOTS OF ELVENKIND
  Aura faint transmutation; CL 5th; Slot feet; Price 2,500 gp; Weight 1 lb.
  These soft boots are partially made out of living leaves and other natural materials.
  They enable the wearer to move nimbly about in virtually any surroundings, granting a +5 competence bonus on Acrobatics checks.
  Feats Craft Wondrous Item; Special creator must be an elf; Cost 1,250 gp.


MITHRAL

  Mithral is a rare, silvery metal that is lighter than steel but just as hard.
  When worked like steel, it can be used to create amazing armor, and is occasionally used for other items as well.
  Most mithral armors are one category lighter than normal for purposes of movement and other limitations.
  Heavy armors are treated as medium, and medium armors are treated as light, but light armors are still treated as light.
  This decrease does not apply to proficiency in wearing the armor.
  A character wearing mithral full plate must be proficient in wearing heavy armor to avoid adding the armor's check penalty on all his attack rolls and skill checks that involve moving.
  Spell failure chances for armors and shields made from mithral are decreased by 10%, maximum Dexterity bonuses are increased by 2, and armor check penalties are decreased by 3 (to a minimum of 0).

  An item made from mithral weighs half as much as the same item made from other metals. In the case of weapons, this lighter weight does not change a weapon's size category or the ease with which it can be wielded (whether it is light, one-handed, or two-handed).
  Items not primarily of metal are not meaningfully affected by being partially made of mithral. (A longsword can be a mithral weapon, while a quarterstaff cannot.)
  Mithral weapons count as silver for the purpose of overcoming damage reduction.

  Weapons and armors fashioned from mithral are always masterwork items as well; the masterwork cost is included in the prices given below.

  Mithral has 30 hit points per inch of thickness and hardness 15.

  Type of Mithral Item	Item Price Modifier
  Light armor	+1,000 gp
  Medium armor	+4,000 gp
  Heavy armor	+9,000 gp
  Shield	+1,500 gp
  Other items	+500 gp/lb.


-------

Bestow Insight
School enchantment (compulsion); Level bard 2, cleric 3, inquisitor 2, psychic 2, sorcerer/wizard 2, witch 2

CASTING

Casting Time 1 standard action
Components V, S

EFFECT

Range touch
Target one creature touched
Duration 1 minute/level
Saving Throw Will negates (harmless); Spell Resistance yes (harmless)

DESCRIPTION

When casting this spell, choose a single skill that you have at least one rank in. The target gains a +2 insight bonus on skill checks with this skill and is considered trained in that skill. The insight bonus increases by 1 for every four levels of the caster (maximum +6). Furthermore, once before the spell’s duration, the target can choose to roll two checks and take the greater result. Doing so ends the spell’s other effects.
-------------------------
Pale Green Prism (Ioun Stone)
Aura strong varied; CL 12th; Slot —;
DESCRIPTION
This stone grants the wearer a +1 competence bonus on attack rolls, saves, skill checks, and ability checks.
Cracked: This stone grants a +1 competence bonus on attack rolls or saving throws. Price: 4,000 gp
-------------------------
Stone of Good Luck (Luckstone)
Aura faint evocation; CL 5th; Slot —; Price 20,000 gp; Weight —

DESCRIPTION

This small bit of agate grants its possessor a +1 luck bonus on saving throws, ability checks, and skill checks.
